I didn't ask mr. Cooper you look at him
father
what's the matter with you boy get on
with it
maybe this is all too much for you eh
mr. tall maybe is sir so maybe I just
don't like being called boy or parade it
don't be facetious with me mr. tall
facetious sir I don't know what that
means
oh oh right now do you think this is the
right way to go about this cadet talk
about what don't I know what you're
going through Tom with respect sir I
don't think you do
I have been praised and promoted for
serving our country and yet I have not
been afforded their respect is not
handed out here it is a talk and I earn
it full of speaks to me as if I'm some
that is all part of your training tower
your specific training you think it'll
all be fine on the field because men
have followed you before think again you
are not their superior officer I minded
to recommend to Colonel Baxter that you
be released from Gayle's happy nothing
to say then I'll give you two a Monday
dismissed mr. Tom
Oh
father thank you for the gift of family
and food and everything else
amen amen
that was very articulate can't all be
pleasure the community can we don't be
jealous not just because I have a steady
job steady job you don't take money from
half your patients I need a half I can't
afford to pay so when do you got any
food in your house at all so how are you
feeling fine huh
everything's fine so you're fitting in
all right
they've given me till Monday to tell
them whether or not I want to stay at
gales and I don't know I never walked
out on anything in my life I wish it was
as straightforward as my color but it's
more than that I keep falling into
sweats saying things I've pushed out of
my mind and you won't be walking out on
anything the Rangers are just waiting
for you to return I don't care about
football right now Eddie I don't care
that's all you've got to say too and
come home what else do you want me to
say do you remember when I used to tell
those stories of granddad in the West
Indies how do you you think grandpa
survived I contend he just got on with
it I can't imagine what our grandfather
went through Walter but I do know he
didn't choose to be a slave he didn't
choose his path but you only other hand
Walter as I might say it shows me well
I'm not one of them
what he did you stupid cow you don't
trade blow-for-blow with the
establishment